Grammar:		DataElement 5.0
Namespace:		shr.entity
Description:	"The SHR Entity domain contains definitions for objects, people and organizations that are involved with the person of record, in some capacity. Entities are things that have separate and distinct existence and objective or conceptual reality. Includes information items, physical objects, health states, and parties."
Uses:			shr.core, shr.base

/* 
Abstract Element:	Party
Concept:			TBD
Description:		"A person, organization, or object that be involved in a healthcare activity. A party has a separate and distinct existence, and objective or conceptual reality. Includes information, physical objects, and roles."
0..1				Type

Element:		Type
Concept:		MTH#C0332307
Description:	"The most specific code (lowest level term) describing the kind or sort of thing being represented." 
Value:			CodeableConcept

Abstract Element:	Entity
Based on:			Party
Concept:			TBD
Description:		"Base class for material and non-material things. A non-material thing might be a goal or information relevant to health care, such as an image, consent form, or report. A material thing can be seen and touched, such as a device."
	
Abstract Element:	Role
Based on:			Party
Concept:			TBD
Description:		"Abstract parent class for human parties, such as practitioners, patients, research subjects, and related persons. Role can also represent an object playing a specific role, such as a room playing the role of operating theater. The value contains the entity (party) playing the role."
Value:				ref(Party)  

EntryElement:	Person  // Not the same as FHIR person, which is a linkage element only
Based on:		Entity
Concept:		MTH#C0027361
Description:	"A person relevant to the health or social situation of the subject (including the person of record him or herself)."

EntryElement:	Patient
Based on:		Role
Concept: 		MTH#C1299487
Description:	"A person in the role of a patient, including extended demographic information about the subject of this health record."
Value is type ref(Person)
*/

Element:	Patient
Concept: 		MTH#C1299487
Description:	"A person in the role of a patient, including extended demographic information about the subject of this health record."
